README.rst, before:

Introduction
------------
This is an example Intel provided gptp daemon which can be used on Linux
and Windows platforms. There are a number of other ptp daemons available
for Linux which can be used to establish clock synchronization, although
not all may export the required APIs needed for an AVB system.

The daemon communicates with other processes through a named pipe.
The pipe name and message format is defined in ipcdef.hpp.  The pipe name 
is "gptp-update". A Windows example is in the project named_pipe_test.

The message format is:

	Integer64	<master-local phase offset>

	Integer64	<local-system phase offset>

	Integer32	<master-local frequency offset>

	Integer32	<local-system frequency offset>

	UInteger64	<local time of last update>

Meaning of IPC provided values
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
- master  ~= local  - <master-local phase offset>
- local   ~= system - <local-system phase offset>
- Dmaster ~= Dlocal * (1-<master-local phase offset>/1e12) (where D denotes a delta rather than a specific value)
- Dlocal ~= Dsystem * (1-<local-system freq offset>/1e12) (where D denotes a delta rather than a specific value)

Known Limitations
+++++++++++++++++

* There are problems with timestamp accuracy create problems using switches that impose limits on the peer rate offset

* The current Windows driver version does not allow timestamping between the system clock (e.g. TCS) and the network device clock; systems offsets are not valid


Linux Specific
++++++++++++++

To build, execute the linux/build makefile.

To execute, run 
	./daemon_cl <interface-name>
such as
	./daemon_cl eth0

The daemon creates a shared memory segment with the 'ptp' group. Some distributions may not have this group installed. The apparent effect is client applications will segfault after attempting to connect and use the shared memory segment. One suggested workaround is to execute 'sudo groupadd ptp' or similar to fix this issue.

Windows Version
+++++++++++++++

Build Dependencies

* WinPCAP Developer's Pack (WpdPack) is required for linking - downloadable from http://www.winpcap.org/devel.htm.

Extract WpdPack so the Include folder is in one of the below locations

1- %ProgramData%
	\WpdPack
		\Include
		\Lib
		\Lib\x64

2- %USERPROFILE%
	\src\pcap
		\Include
		\Lib
		\Lib\x64

* WinPCAP must also be installed on any machine where the daemon runs.

To run from the command line:

	daemon_cl.exe xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx

where xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx is the mac address of the local interface

Other Available PTP Daemons
---------------------------
There are a number of existing ptp daemon projects. Some of the other known 
ptp daemons are listed below. Intel has not tested Open AVB with the following 
ptp daemons.

* Richard Cochran's ptp4l daemon - https://sourceforge.net/p/linuxptp/

  Note with thsi version to use gPTP specific settings, which differ 
  slightly from IEEE 1588.

* http://ptpd.sourceforge.net/

* http://ptpd2.sourceforge.net/

* http://code.google.com/p/ptpv2d

* http://home.mit.bme.hu/~khazy/ptpd/

Commit message:

Delineated code for generic Linux, I210 with igblib Separated POSIX-y time.h and Linux-y time.h fixing compile issues in Arduino (and possibly other) compile environments Added code for IntelCE platforms - supported on patched R31 SDK with CE5100 hardware
Added include line necessary for compiling the library

Augmented Timestamp class with overloaded operators
Added #includes as required
Removed debug output

Corrected possible NULL pointer dereference in linux_hal_common.cpp
Added code to adjust "generic" timestamper for PHY delay (currently still requires definition at compile time in the application)
Similarly adjusted timestamps for PHY time in Intel CE code
Removed debug output from IntelCE code
Moved timestamp enabling code to post_init in Intel CE code.  Consistent with generic code
Added PLAT_snprintf
Moved IGB and Generic private timestamp code to a separate file reducing code "copying" from generic Linux code to I210

fixed windows command line parse error
added #include necessitated by changed in common directory
added PLAT_snprintf
renamed recv method to nrecv corresponding to class definition changes in common

Migrated project and solution files to VS 2013
Updated readme with build instructions for additional platforms - generic and IntelCE

README.rst, after:

Introduction
------------
This is an example Intel provided gptp daemon which can be used on Linux
and Windows platforms. There are a number of other ptp daemons available
for Linux which can be used to establish clock synchronization, although
not all may export the required APIs needed for an AVB system.

The daemon communicates with other processes through a named pipe.
The pipe name and message format is defined in ipcdef.hpp.  The pipe name 
is "gptp-update". A Windows example is in the project named_pipe_test.

The message format is:

	Integer64	<master-local phase offset>

	Integer64	<local-system phase offset>

	Float	<master-local frequency offset>

	Float	<local-system frequency offset>

	UInteger64	<local time of last update>

Meaning of IPC provided values
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
- master  ~= local  - <master-local phase offset>
- local   ~= system - <local-system phase offset>
- Dmaster ~= Dlocal * (1-<master-local phase offset>/1e12) (where D denotes a delta rather than a specific value)
- Dlocal ~= Dsystem * (1-<local-system freq offset>/1e12) (where D denotes a delta rather than a specific value)

Linux Specific
++++++++++++++

To build, execute the linux/build makefile.

To build for I210:

ARCH=I210 make clean all

To build for 'generic' Linux:

make clean all

To build for Intel CE 5100 Platforms:

ARCH=IntelCE make clean all

To execute, run 
	./daemon_cl <interface-name>
such as
	./daemon_cl eth0

The daemon creates a shared memory segment with the 'ptp' group. Some distributions may not have this group installed.  The IPC interface will not available unless the 'ptp' group is available.


Windows Version
+++++++++++++++

Build Dependencies

* WinPCAP Developer's Pack (WpdPack) is required for linking - downloadable from http://www.winpcap.org/devel.htm.

Extract WpdPack so the Include folder is in one of the below locations

1- %ProgramData%
	\WpdPack
		\Include
		\Lib
		\Lib\x64

2- %USERPROFILE%
	\src\pcap
		\Include
		\Lib
		\Lib\x64

* WinPCAP must also be installed on any machine where the daemon runs.

To run from the command line:

	daemon_cl.exe xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx

where xx-xx-xx-xx-xx-xx is the mac address of the local interface

Other Available PTP Daemons
---------------------------
There are a number of existing ptp daemon projects. Some of the other known 
ptp daemons are listed below. Intel has not tested Open AVB with the following 
ptp daemons.

* Richard Cochran's ptp4l daemon - https://sourceforge.net/p/linuxptp/

  Note with this version to use gPTP specific settings, which differ 
  slightly from IEEE 1588.

* http://ptpd.sourceforge.net/

* http://ptpd2.sourceforge.net/

* http://code.google.com/p/ptpv2d

* http://home.mit.bme.hu/~khazy/ptpd/
